pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/App.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.App
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/UserSession.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.UserSession
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/RoleService.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.RoleService
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/controllers/LoginController.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.controllers.LoginController
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/AppAuthentication.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.AppAuthentication
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/exceptions/UnauthorizedException.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.exceptions.UnauthorizedException
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/RoleRepository.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.RoleRepository
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/LoginRequest.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.LoginRequest
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/User.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.User
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/AppWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.AppWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/AppWebSecurityConfig.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.AppWebSecurityConfig
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/RoleEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.RoleEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/RegisterRequest.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.RegisterRequest
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/ExampleFilter.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.ExampleFilter
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/TicketEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.TicketEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/AuthenticationService.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.AuthenticationService
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/PhotoEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.PhotoEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/controllers/RegisterController.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.controllers.RegisterController
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/UserEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.UserEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/MovieEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.MovieEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/ScreeningEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.ScreeningEntity
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/UserService.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.UserService
pl/edu/pjwstk/pro/entities/AuditoriumEntity.java
 pl.edu.pjwstk.pro.entities.AuditoriumEntity
